Topic: ATTITUDE
Starting a startup requires the right mentality. Learn about what it means to think 10x, to embrace failure, and how the top Silicon Valley founders hustled and lead their teams to bring their companies to life.

Track: Fail Spectacularly
As a founder, you must think big in order to have a true impact. Being afraid to fail will prevent you from doing that.

Track: Hustle
Starting a company means getting things done. And not always by the books.

Track: Leadership
A company is not just about it’s business and ideas, it’s about the people you work with and lead as the founder.

Topic: STARTING UP
Building a brand new company can be a daunting task. Get an overview of how it all works from coming up with the right idea, to finding founders to work with, to the steps it takes to legally make a company.

Track: Idea
A cool idea isn’t enough, make sure you are solving a real problem that real people have.

Track: Founders
It is impossible to overstate the importance of cofounders. Most founders agree it’s akin to marriage, but harder.

Track: Environment
Startups can be built anywhere in the world, it’s important to consider where your company can be best created, and if location is a prime factor.

Track: Incorporation
Startups are not only a group of talented people, but legally, corporations as well. Learn about the incorporation process.

Topic: PRODUCT
Finding the fit between your customer and the product you offer is critical to your success. Learn the basics to figuring out what your customers need, how to prototype and test your designs, and best practices in gathering feedback on your work.

Track: Value Proposition
Make sure your company provides enough value to people so that they are willing to pay you for it.

Track: Tech Stack
Learn to leverage the right technology for your product, whether it is software or hardware, there are many tools available to you.

Track: Design
Product design, user experience, and user interface design determines how much effort your customers will have to spend to use your product. The lower, the better.

Track: Feedback & Testing
Your customers are the ultimate deciding factor for whether your startup succeeds or fails. Listening to them is key.

Topic: SALES
As the founder of a company, you are the #1 salesperson of your product. Learning to talk to people about your product, convince them to use it, and then convert them in paying customers will be the bread and butter of your job. At the end of it all, you’ll want them to advocate for you too.

Track: Opening & Closing
Knowing how to talk to people about your product and convincing them to buy it is an essential part of success.

Track: User Acquisition
Learn to build a customer funnel, and transform your target audience into users and advocates.

Topic: MARKETING
A startup’s journey is all about traction, growth, and massive scale. Turning your little team and new product into a force to be reckoned with will require you to get the word out and get people talking about you. Make sure they’re talking about the right things.

Track: Evangelism 
You’ve built your product, now what? Knowing how to reach out and let people know you can solve their problems is half the battle.

Track: Branding & Story
Having a clear, focused, and relatable message when advertising to your target audience is key to driving traffic and sales. 

Topic: FUNDRAISING
Investments can be very important to the growth and strategy of a startup. You’ll need to know how present your company to investors and who are the right people to talk to. Learn all about pitching, networking, and the investment rounds (i.e. Angel rounds, Seed rounds, Series A, etc...) that startups go through. 

Track: Pitching
Raising money, whether it is from Angel Investors or for a Seed round, requires you to pitch your startup. Pitching is a skill every entrepreneur needs to perfect.

Track: Networking
Knowing the right people can get you along your path. Building a company is hard, get all the help you can find.

Topic: HIRING
Sitting on the other side of the table might seem fun at first, but it’s no joke. Finding the right people to help you reach your goals is critical to your company’s success. Learn the best practices for hiring both at the startup level, and once your company has grown in size.

Track: Hiring for a Startup
Who you put on your startup team will make or break your company. Learn about recruiting, how to interview effectively, and build good company culture.

Track: Hiring for a Company
Now that your company has grown, you’ll need to keep a tight eye on the employees working for you, and make sure you lead them effectively.

Topic: BIZ & FINANCE
At the end of the day, a startup or company is created to bring value to the world. Business is a major part of measuring how well you are achieving that purpose, and can show you ways in which you can bring value in the future. Building a business plan and understanding it is essential to creating a healthy and profitable company.

Track: Business Plan
A company needs to be profitable in order to be successful. Developing a business plan will help you understand how best to achieve that.

Track: Business Development
As your startup grows, your business needs and goals will change. Learn how to continue improving your business plan as your build your company.

Track: Finance
The financials of a company can be indicative of the company’s health and progress. Understanding your financials will affect many of your decisions as a leader.

Track: Exit
You’ve built your company, now what? Learn about IPOs (Initial Public Offerings) and M&As (Mergers and Acquisitions) and what happens to companies in the long term.

Topic: LEGAL
The nitty gritty of the startup world. You’ll need to understand term sheets and shares in order to get investment and employees. As well, understanding the legal protections you can add to your product and company will help you continue building your vision in the future.

Track: Setting up a company
Creating a company isn’t only about your product and team. There are a lot of legal issues that need to be dealt with as well.

Track: Protection
Learn to avoid legal problems with the appropriate protection, whether it’s against breaches of intellectual property, copyright, or opposing lawsuits.
